1) Lead Number - A lead number assigned to each lead procured.
2) Lead Origin - The origin identifier with which the customer was identified to be a lead. Includes API, Landing Page Submission, etc.
3) Lead Source - The source of the lead. Includes Google, Organic Search, Olark Chat, etc.
4) Do Not Email -An indicator variable selected by the customer wherein they select whether of not they want to be emailed about the course or not.
5) Do Not Call - An indicator variable selected by the customer wherein they select whether of not they want to be called about the course or not.
6) Converted - The target variable. Indicates whether a lead has been successfully converted or not.
7) TotalVisits - The total number of visits made by the customer on the website.
8) Total Time Spent on Website - The total time spent by the customer on the website.
9) Page Views Per Visit - Average number of pages on the website viewed during the visits.
10) Last Activity - Last activity performed by the customer. Includes Email Opened, Olark Chat Conversation, etc.
11) Country - The country of the customer.
12) Specialization - The industry domain in which the customer worked before. Includes the level 'Select Specialization' which means the customer had not selected this option while filling the form.
13) How did you hear about X Education - The source from which the customer heard about X Education.
14) What is your current occupation - Indicates whether the customer is a student, umemployed or employed.
15) What matters most to you in choosing this course An option selected by the customer - indicating what is their main motto behind doing this course.
16) Search - Indicating whether the customer had seen the ad in any of the listed items.
17) Magazine
18) Newspaper Article
19) X Education Forums
20) Newspaper
21) Digital Advertisement
22) Through Recommendations - Indicates whether the customer came in through recommendations.
23) Receive More Updates About Our Courses - Indicates whether the customer chose to receive more updates about the courses.
24) Tags - Tags assigned to customers indicating the current status of the lead.
25) Lead Quality - Indicates the quality of lead based on the data and intuition the employee who has been assigned to the lead.
26) Update me on Supply Chain Content - Indicates whether the customer wants updates on the Supply Chain Content.
27) Get updates on DM Content - Indicates whether the customer wants updates on the DM Content.
28) Lead Profile - A lead level assigned to each customer based on their profile.
29) City - The city of the customer.
30) Asymmetric Activity Index - An index and score assigned to each customer based on their activity and their profile
31) Asymmetric Profile Index
32) Asymmetric Activity Score
33) Asymmetric Profile Score
34) I agree to pay the amount through cheque - Indicates whether the customer has agreed to pay the amount through cheque or not.
35) a free copy of Mastering The Interview - Indicates whether the customer wants a free copy of 'Mastering the Interview' or not.
36) Last Notable Activity - The last notable activity performed by the student.
37) Prospect ID - A unique ID with which the customer is identified.